>> Mike North: You're gonna generate
an RSA private/public key pair.
Don't worry about the 2048 that was in
the first command on the last page.
So make sure it's valid for one day.
And then if you look in
the server/indexjs file, you'll
see that there's a point where we're
using a module, Node module called HTTP.
We're gonna use HTTPS instead, and
you're gonna create a server
that looks kinda like this.
So you're gonna swap out the plain HTTP
thing that the server is using for
this, and then add the certificate to
your operating system's trust store.
And I've got links for
various Windows and OS X hints for
how one would go about doing that.
Make sure you keep it short.
Good idea when using development
certificates, only a couple days.
They're easy to remake,
but if one gets stolen,
you want to know that your risk
is closed in terms of time.
You can always untrust, but
you'll never remember to do that.